 

   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
    
    
    
   
     
 
   
   
 
   
 
 

   
      
   
   

e L SR

RN WA A o

B L LR T S

v rren——

R S e e L

 
   
   
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 
  
   
    
   
    
 
    
     
      
    
       
   

door! 1n the past, peop_le.could only get cash from the bank when it was open, and they'd
sometimes have to wait in a long line. Now they can just use their ATM card whenever
they want when they need cash and they can also paf for things directly with the card and
not even bother with the cash. The Internet has provided a large number of companies
that offer on-line tax preparation and claim that simple tax forms can be filed in4undcrr :
under 10 111i111|t§5". If the IRS owes someone a refund, they will electronically transfer lhé
money to them instead of sending a check, which makes the process easier and

Computers also.supp]) a never ending stream of new forms of entertainment, from v ideo
games to watching anyone's choice of on-line videos with YouTube. Instead of bulky
cassgtle tape players, SHEIYONCTIOW has bny digital MP3 players to play their favo 1
music. Everyone can chat with their friends on FaceBook and download a Vi
letFlix. The lea 5 . i .
I'\elrll.\. jlhu Internet ‘prowd’es a vast amount of web sites called "bl
information for a particular interest, like raising gold fish are traveling. Even Reading
itself is being fundamentally changed A
Computers have a great affect on everyday living, they've made everyone's life easier and
give us many more choices in how everyone communicates, conducts their personal
finance, and what types of entertainment they choose.

 

 
  
 

Only a few short years ago telephone calls to foreign countries were very expensive.
Todays there is a computer program call Skype, that lets everyone make free phone calls
with video to any place in the world with an Internet Connecbon. Instead of mailing a
stamped envelope, which might take a w eek to arrived, anyone can instead send an email,

which arrives instantly.

In the old days everyone paid their utility bills with a check inserted into an envelope and
mailed it to the ufflity company. Today. they can make payments automatically through
their online banking system. Anyone can check their personal financial i rife rm ati O n
without having to drive to the bank, all they need to do is log on to their online bank
account. Another convenience for people all over the world is online shopping. A
company like Amazon gives everyone access to buy whatever they need, without leaving
their house and everything is going to be delivered to their front door! In the past, people
could only get cash from the bank when it was open, and they'd sometimes have to wait in
a long line. Now they can just use their ATM card whenever they want when they need
cash and they can also pay for things directly with the card and not even bother with the
cash. The Internet has provided a large number of companies that offer on-line tax

n and claim that simple tax forms can be filed in under N...under 10 minutes".
a refund, they will electronically transfer the money to them
which makes the process easier and faster than doing

preparatio
if the IRS owes someone
instead of sending a check,
everything in person.

a never ending stream of new forms of entertainment, from video
¢'s choice of on-line videos with YouTube. Instead of bulky

ne now has bny digital MP3 players to play their favorite

th their friends on FaceBook and download a video from
ast amount of web sites called "blogsN that provides

Computers also supply
games to watching anyon
cassette tape players. everyo
music. Everyone can chat wi
NetFlix. The Internet provides a v

STTITC L Lt
